---
title: "Work Experience"
layout: staticpage
---

## Summary

Certified Agile Scrum Master with five years of success in data analysis, software development, and product life cycle management, defining requirements and driving plans to transform services, break silos, and implement creative and effective solutions. Microsoft Certified Data Analyst Associate with solid user and business analysis and software testing experience. Easily adapt to new environments and learn new techniques and tools, with strong documentation skills. Equally capable of collaborating effectively with cross-functional  project teams or working independently to enhance performance and increase profitability. Technical skills: Power BI, SQL, Google Analytics, C#, Tableau, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, Azure DevOps/Jira.

+ Strategic Planning	
+ Community Management
+ Requirements Analysis
+ Team Building & Leadership
+ Project Management
+ Stakeholder Engagement
+ Process Improvement
---
## Professional Experience

**Ava Risk Group Ltd.**  
**Analyst, Research and Development**  
*Melbourne, January 2018 - Present*  
Drive development and testing of signal processing algorithms using Agile Scrum process framework. Gather and analyse system requirements to configure software and hardware components for client environments. Capture new data and calibrate results, performing analysis using advanced Excel to identify defects in output generated by proprietary products.

*Key Accomplishments:*
+ Wrote software code to automate system processes and solve bugs and issues using C#.Net and Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) framework. improving product efficiency and eliminating manual processes.
+ Streamlined testing process, designing and implementing pre-production software and hardware test environments; reduced overall quality assurance delivery time by up to 15%. 

**Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University**  
**Technical Lead, Teaching Associate**  
*Melbourne, February 2018 - Present*  
Managed 12 teaching associates, liaising between post-graduate students and industry partners for development and implementation of final semester capstone unit. Prepared and facilitated training sessions and workshops, guiding more than 400 students through project lifecycle process using Agile methodologies and frameworks.  

*Key Accomplishments:*
+ Oversaw all technical and business analysis aspects of 24 student teams (almost 120 students).
+ Taught core concepts of requirements elicitation using ‘Given/When/Then’ approach, continuously planning and improving technical aspects of unit. 
+ Assisted unit lecturers with designing and creating course structure whilst evaluating students’ academic performance, providing effective feedback aligned with course objectives and intended outcomes.

**eSolutions, Monash University**  
**Systems Automation Engineer**  
*Melbourne, July 2016 - December 2017*  
Compiled, validated, and analysed Big Data collected from all university data points using operation intelligence tool (Splunk). Designed and implemented automation for system configurations and complex processes using Business Intelligence (BI) tools. Conducted training sessions and workshops for internal stakeholders, promoting business intelligence tools to generate performance reports.  

*Key Accomplishments:*
+ Gathered and analysed business, functional, and user requirements for procurement proposals of two major automation tools; improved teams’ issue management response time to 30%. 
+ Trained 10 project managers and team leaders to create reports and dashboards using BI tools.

**Yardi Software India Private Limited**  
**Trainee Programmer, Cloud Team**  
*Pune, India, July 2015 - November 2015*  
Enhanced overall performance of cloud infrastructure, developing and maintaining applications and reports for company’s clients, conducting system analysis on existing network infrastructure and preparing scripts to automate certain network processes. Designed and managed SQL databases for development and production environments. 

*Key Accomplishments:*
+ Performed remote and on-site troubleshooting, responding effectively to network demands from more than 1000 in-house clients; improved overall cloud delivery performance efficiency by 20%.

**Yardi Software India Private Limited**  
**Intern, Software Development Team**  
*Pune, India, January 2015 - July 2015*  
Developed and deployed new products for use by property management organisations. Designed and developed web service controllers to quickly process, extract, and deliver relevant information from multiple SQL database servers hosting ERP systems. Wrote business and technical documentation and operational procedures.

*Key Accomplishments:*
+ Developed software code to create online portal using VB.Net technology while applying Model-View-Control (MVC) framework.



